Hello, this is a solution to exercise 63.
And for this exercise you were asked to write a program that behaves like this, so it prints of hello
instantly and then it prints it out after second, and then after two seconds, and then after three
seconds here, and then the program prints out end of loop and it terminates.
And yeah, this is the solution.
We're using the time module again. We are using a counter starting from i
equals to 0.
So again the question asks to print hello
instantly first so this is what we're doing here.
And you increase the counter so you are ready for the next iteration where you wait for seconds but
you also need to check if you're waiting more than three seconds.
Because if that is true we want to break the loop.
We want to print out end of loop and we want to break the loop so this break statement here will break the loop
so it will interrupt the loop.
Therefore we don't have more code after the while loop.
So the script, the program will stop, but in the first iteration i is just the one.
So it's not greater then three.
Therefore the script will sleep for one second in here and we'll go again in here.
Hello.
And then i will increase by 1, so it will be 2, but it's not equal to, it's not a greater than three again.
So these lines are not executed, and then the script will sleep for three seconds, and then it goes to three. Three is
not greater than three.
Therefore we execute this again three seconds.
But then when he goes the 4. 4 is greater than 3 therefore we get print end of loop and break the
script.
I hope this is clear enough to understand, but ask questions if you like.
Thanks.
And see you later.